README.md, before:

# Medumo Project
Henry Wrightman 


## Information
- Python (pandas)

## Medumo Programming Assignment
### Assumptions
- Patients with > 1 procedure are listed as separate entries (rows)
- Types: 'FLEX BRONCH WITH BAL or TRANS BRONCH BX' are two distinct type entries
- Each patient has at least one procedure scheduled on a given date (per entry)

For the core logic - sorting into tour, unique cases, etc please refer to patient.py. pulmonary_feed.py handles initial criteria; in this case language=English & >= 2 days until scheduled procedure.

## Medumo Deployment Engineer - Data Analysis
### Assumptions
- 'Module views' are when an Event has an Event_Name = 'Node_Viewed'
- ‘Module completion’ is dictated as Event marked with Event_Name = ‘User_completed_module’
- 'Satisfied with their care' is dictated as answering 'Yes' to the question 'Are you satisfied with your care? '. 

### Answers; deployment_engineer.py for my interim calculations. You can run this as well to output the respective results.
1) Enrolled: 1725; individual sums: [845, 312, 568] for completed, cancelled, and scheduled respectively.
2) Enrolled as of 3/28 & completed at least one module: 102
3) Highest viewed module: 800.0 (2319); {800.0: 2319, 799.0: 1960, 795.0: 1948, 798.0: 1786, 796.0: 1299, 797.0: 1194, 801.0: 1082, 806.0: 433, 807.0: 416, 802.0: 367, 805.0: 299, 808.0: 249, 804.0: 248, 803.0: 241}
4) Highest completion rate module: 803.0 (43%); {798.0: 0.405, 799.0: 0.345, 800.0: 0.257, 796.0: 0.390, 795.0: 0.244, 806.0: 0.402, 807.0: 0.351, 802.0: 0.354, 805.0: 0.425, 803.0: 0.432} 
5) Those satisfied with their care: 514

Commit message:

updating assumptions & logic approach clarification

README.md, after:

# Medumo Project
Henry Wrightman 


## Information
- Python (pandas)

## Medumo Programming Assignment
### Assumptions
- Patients with > 1 procedure are listed as separate entries (rows)
- Types: 'FLEX BRONCH WITH BAL or TRANS BRONCH BX' are two distinct type entries
- Each patient has at least one procedure scheduled on a given date (per entry)
- Each patient entry data is static, aside from procedure types & dates.

For the core logic - sorting into tour, unique cases, etc please refer to patient.py. pulmonary_feed.py handles initial criteria; in this case language=English & >= 2 days until scheduled procedure.

I am aware, that with the approach I took to store each patient once assigning their respective tour, that any data outside of procedure type & procedure date would be overritten - though I assumed the remaining information was relatively static. This enables me to store each patient into a dictionary (with their name as the key), and their extended procedure(s) & date(s) in another dictionary - with the date as the key. In the event another bit of information was dynamic (say some ID), I'd adjust the patient object accordingly to store each ID. 

## Medumo Deployment Engineer - Data Analysis
### Assumptions
- 'Module views' are when an Event has an Event_Name = 'Node_Viewed'
- ‘Module completion’ is dictated as Event marked with Event_Name = ‘User_completed_module’
- 'Satisfied with their care' is dictated as answering 'Yes' to the question 'Are you satisfied with your care? '. 

### Answers; deployment_engineer.py for my interim calculations. You can run this as well to output the respective results.
1) Enrolled: 1725; individual sums: [845, 312, 568] for completed, cancelled, and scheduled respectively.
2) Enrolled as of 3/28 & completed at least one module: 102
3) Highest viewed module: 800.0 (2319); {800.0: 2319, 799.0: 1960, 795.0: 1948, 798.0: 1786, 796.0: 1299, 797.0: 1194, 801.0: 1082, 806.0: 433, 807.0: 416, 802.0: 367, 805.0: 299, 808.0: 249, 804.0: 248, 803.0: 241}
4) Highest completion rate module: 803.0 (43%); {798.0: 0.405, 799.0: 0.345, 800.0: 0.257, 796.0: 0.390, 795.0: 0.244, 806.0: 0.402, 807.0: 0.351, 802.0: 0.354, 805.0: 0.425, 803.0: 0.432} 
5) Those satisfied with their care: 514
